# blockchainMe
*A tool for creating IDs verifiable on the blockchain* <br>
Viewable at [blockchainMe.com](http://www.blockchainMe.com)

---

![Alt text](http://blockchainme.com/img/iMac-Flat-Mockup1.gif)

1. Enhanced individual **privacy** **verifiable** on the blockchain
2. Flexible **identity solutions** for pseudonymity and self asserted identities
3. Build on a **decentralized** **web of trust**

### Privacy
Defensive security is a multi-faceted concern to individuals, requiring solutions that can address multiple challenges. BlockchainMe is a tool to promote the encryption layer of cryptocurrency, to help prevent skimming, catfishing, counterfeiting and other fraudulent activity are critical. 

### Verifiable
BlockchainMe utilizes proof-of-existence, your information is never sent or stored centrally on any database. You own your information. Your Id is only verifiable by the people you chose to give it to. This is a voluntary identification service that adapts to the increasingly diversified needs for contextual identity.  

### Identity  
BlockchainMe offers counterfeit-resistant and tamper-proof identification credentials that hold the only the information you choose. Use your name or pseudonym, and to build on your network by signing keys.

### Decentralized
The decentralized structure of the blockchain ensures that no one entity has control of the data or the power to enforce arbitrary limits on it.  Decentralization gives back the users the control of their data.

### Web of Trust
Strengthening your social network. Exchange IOUâ€™s/loans with any member based on degrees of trust, and encourage collaboration.

### Credits
BlockchainMe currently uses code from the open source projects listed below:

- Berjon, R. (2013, November 13). Formic. Retrieved from
[https://github.com/darobin/formic](https://github.com/darobin/formic)
- JSON in JavaScript. (2002). Retrieved from
[https://json.org](https://json.org)
- Mott, J. (2013). SHA-2. Retrieved from
[https://code.google.com/p/crypto-js](https://code.google.com/p/crypto-js/)
- Ruether, J. (2015, February 28). Blockchain Identity. Retrieved from
[https://jrruethe.github.io/blog/2015/02/28/blockchain-identity/](https://jrruethe.github.io/blog/2015/02/28/blockchain-identity)

### Unlicense
BlockchainMe is free and unencumbered software released into the public domain.

Anyone is free to copy, modify, publish, use, compile, sell, or
distribute this software, either in source code form or as a compiled
binary, for any purpose, commercial or non-commercial, and by any
means.

In jurisdictions that recognize copyright laws, the author or authors
of this software dedicate any and all copyright interest in the
software to the public domain. We make this dedication for the benefit
of the public at large and to the detriment of our heirs and
successors. We intend this dedication to be an overt act of
relinquishment in perpetuity of all present and future rights to this
software under copyright law.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

For more information, please refer to <http://unlicense.org/>
